V1.0.0 RC (#182)
OWASP/maswe: weaknesses/MASVS-CODE/MASWE-0047.md

---
title: Using Non-Standard APIs for Security-Critical Functionality
id: MASWE-0047
alias: non-standard-security-apis

> requirement: "The app does not use non-standard APIs for security-critical functionality."

Author: ```suggestion
requirement: "The app uses standard APIs for security-critical functionality."
```
